hey this is pressure Locker a rectangle
is divided into four rectangles with the
following areas the yellow rectangle has
an area of 16 the blue rectangle has an
area of 13 and the green rectangle has
an area of 39 what is the area of the
orange rectangle can you figure it out
give this problem a try and when you're
ready keep watching the video for the
solution you could solve this problem by
setting up variables and then eventually
solving for the area of the unknown
rectangle but there is a geometric
principle that will make the problem a
lot easier first notice that the green
and the blue rectangle share the same
height this means we can figure out the
width of the green rectangle relative to
the width of the blue rectangle because
the area of the green rectangle is 3
times the area of the blue rectangle
this means the blue rectangle fits
exactly three times into the green
rectangle the green rectangle has the
width that is three times the blue
rectangle
this means the orange rectangle has a
width that is three times that of the
yellow rectangle so the yellow rectangle
will fit exactly three times into the
orange rectangle therefore the area of
the orange rectangle will be three times
that of 16 which is 48 did you figure
this out thanks for watching this video
please subscribe to my channel I make
videos on math and game theory you can
catch her on my blog mind your decisions
which you can follow on Facebook Google+
and patreon you can catch me on social
media at pressure Walker and if you like
this video please check out my books
there are links in the video description